#List of all the changes to PBS files from v15 to v19.1

v19.1
Renamed trainer charsets to be in line with the new naming conventions.
Added missing HM item icons.

v19
Move targets defined in moves.txt can no longer be ID numbers.
Added the "Generation" property to pokemon.txt/pokemonforms.txt, and filled these in.
Merged tm.txt into pokemon.txt/pokemonforms.txt as the property "TutorMoves".
Created PBS file regionaldexes.txt and extracted the Regional Dex numbers information from pokemon.txt/pokemonforms.txt.
Created PBS file ribbons.txt rather than hardcoding their data.
Added item field use number 6 for TRs, which are one-use TMs.
Moved ribbon data into a new PBS file.
Implemented a new encounters.txt format, which allows any number of slots, customised probabilities per slot and encounter type-specific step trigger chances. It also supposed multiple versions of encounter tables for the same map.

v18.1/v18
Created Gen 7 versions of several PBS files, which are provided alongside the Gen 5 versions
Tweaked the layouts of some PBS files, such as adding header comments and separator lines where appropriate
Lines in PBS files that are written like "XXX=YYY" will now have spaces put around the "=" when they are modified and saved in-game (all PBS files are now written like this, although no-spaces versions are still usable)
Made several tweaks and fixes to PBS files to fix values and adjust descriptions to make them fit the spaces they're displayed in
Made encounter species lines in "encounters.txt" be indented when the game rewrites that file (e.g. after changing the wild encounters via the editor) for legibility
"tm.txt" and "encounters.txt" now allow the use of form internal names such as PBSpecies::PIKACHU_1
In "items.txt", changed various "item usage in battle" numbers
"pokemon.txt" and "pokemonforms.txt":
Added more sprite positioning metrics, and added support for multiple sizes of Pokémon shadows in battle, as well as species-specific shadows
Changed the sprite position editor to work for all metrics
Updated Pokémon colours to Gen 7 standards, including differing colours for different forms
Added the evolution method LevelEvening
Added support for an evolution method's parameter being an ability's internal name
Added data for the glowing fused Kyurem forms
"pokemonforms.txt":
 	added the new PokedexForm property which is the form that should be registered as seen in the Pokédex instead of this one
 	allowed Compatibility to be a defined property
 	a form can now be defined with an evolution method of "None", which overrides the base form's evolutions but is treated as non-existent (used for spiky-eared Pichu)
	allowed the sections to be written like [PIKACHU,1] and [PIKACHU 1] as well as [PIKACHU-1]
Each form defined in "pokemonforms.txt" is now given its own species internal name in the form of PBSpecies::PIKACHU_1 (most places where you might think of using it are untested)
"trainers.txt":
Rewrote the trainers.txt compiler and related scripts to add support for another data format
Added the ability to set all 6 IVs for a trainer's Pokémon individually, or use a single value for all of them (new trainers.txt format only)
Added the ability to edit the EVs of a trainer's Pokémon, with the same functionality as setting IVs (new trainers.txt format only)
Added the new LoseText property, which is used if no message is given as an argument in the battle-starting method
"metadata.txt":
Added a new map-specific metadata: "Environment"
Allowed the successful wild Pokémon capture ME to be defined in the metadata (both global and per-map) and to be overridden for the next battle
"moves.txt":
Added support for move targets to be words (enums) as well as numbers, and renamed those enums
Updated moves.txt with new move targets (as enums) to support their usability in triple battles
Added more available move flags, all the way to z
Move function codes are now strings rather than hexadecimal numbers and can be any length
Move base powers can now exceed 255

v17.2/v17.1/v17
Implemented the PBS file "pokemonforms.txt".
Item data for whether an item is an evolution stone, gem, mulch or Mega Stone is now stored in "items.txt" (file updated accordingly).
Added shape property to "pokemon.txt" 

v16.2/v16.1/v16
Added the Incense property to "pokemon.txt".
Added item name plurals to the PBS file "items.txt".
Added skillcode to "trainertypes.txt"
Moved berry plant data into their own PBS file "berryplants.txt".

v15.1/v15
Base version of the PBS files this program reads.

-----
Changes are signaled by color
red: removed 🔴
yellow: modified 🟡
green: added 🟢

